Improved document guide with a schema and extended information (#237)
meilisearch/documentation: guides/main_concepts/documents.md

**Documents** are objects composed of fields containing any type of data.</br>
A **field** is composed of an **attribute** and its associated data.

![document structure](/document_structure.svg)

#### Wording

> - **Attribute**: The name of a field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Attribute**: An attribute is the name of a field, like a key.
```

> - **[Field](/guides/main_concepts/documents.md#fields)**: the combination of attributes and data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Field](/guides/main_concepts/documents.md#fields)**: A field, or a key-value pair, is a set of two data items linked together: an attribute and its corresponding data
```

> - **Document**: The collection of all the fields between brackets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Document**: A document is an object which collects a list of fields in curly brackets.
```

Author: ```suggestion
- **Document**: A document is an object which collects a list of fields between curly brackets.
```

Reviewer: Yes looks good!

❗️ If you get the `document id error`, it means MeiliSearch could not recognize your primary key. This means your primary key does not answer the formatting explained above. To solve this error, you could send the [primary key's name as a query parameter](/references/documents.md#add-or-replace-documents) or [update your index to add the primary key's name](/references/indexes.md#create-an-index) as explained in [setting the primary key](/guides/main_concepts/documents.md#primary-key).

### Document Id

The document id is the value associated to the primary key.

> The document id may contain only `A-Z a-z 0-9` and `-_` characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The document id must contain only `A-Z a-z 0-9` and `-_` characters.
```
